AI Disclaimer & Team contribution.md, before:

## Team member contributions and new features

- **Hongxuan Chen (uniqname: hxcchen)**  
  - Main contributions:
    - Completed Step 1: Map/merge the information by PATHWAY_ID and GENE_ID.
    - Completed Step 2: Compute the number of overlapping genes between every 2 pathways.
    - New Feature: Normalizes KEGG pathway overlap by pathway size and assessed pathway similarity. Because pathway overlap is strongly influenced by pathway size, raw overlap counts may be misleading and thus I looked at the proportion of overlap relative to pathway size. 


- **Mandy Ma (uniqname: zmandy )**  
  - Main contributions:
    - Wroked on Step 3-6 Save the result, Compute a rank of the genes, Retrieve a set of the pathways, Compute and display a Venn diagram
    - Added a new feature

- **Thandiwe-Kesi Robins (uniqname: thandiwe)**  
  - Main contributions:
    - Classified KEGG pathways into biological categories,  proof-read code, and added interpretations
    - Used statistics to compare pathways shared in the top 4 genes and added a new feature that determines if pathways overlap because they are related or because the same genes are used repeatedly/shared across multiple pathways.
   

## AI Disclaimer
AI tools were used in this project for support, including conceptual clarification, debugging assistance, and improving code readability and documentation. All outputs were verified by the author(s).

Commit message:

Update Mandy Ma's contributions with new feature

AI Disclaimer & Team contribution.md, after:

## Team member contributions and new features

- **Hongxuan Chen (uniqname: hxcchen)**  
  - Main contributions:
    - Completed Step 1: Map/merge the information by PATHWAY_ID and GENE_ID.
    - Completed Step 2: Compute the number of overlapping genes between every 2 pathways.
    - New Feature: Normalizes KEGG pathway overlap by pathway size and assessed pathway similarity. Because pathway overlap is strongly influenced by pathway size, raw overlap counts may be misleading and thus I looked at the proportion of overlap relative to pathway size. 


- **Mandy Ma (uniqname: zmandy )**  
  - Main contributions:
    - Wroked on Step 3-6 Save the result, Compute a rank of the genes, Retrieve a set of the pathways, Compute and display a Venn diagram
    - New feature: top 3 pathways with the highest number of genes

- **Thandiwe-Kesi Robins (uniqname: thandiwe)**  
  - Main contributions:
    - Classified KEGG pathways into biological categories,  proof-read code, and added interpretations
    - Used statistics to compare pathways shared in the top 4 genes and added a new feature that determines if pathways overlap because they are related or because the same genes are used repeatedly/shared across multiple pathways.
   

## AI Disclaimer
AI tools were used in this project for support, including conceptual clarification, debugging assistance, and improving code readability and documentation. All outputs were verified by the author(s).
